README.md, before:

### Data Science Bookmarks :book:
Stay up to date and learn from a list of wonderful blogs, books, papers, and code related to Data Science.

Work in progress :construction_worker: - Contributions welcome :smile: - Please let me know if any link is broken :link:

With contributions from everyone, this can become a comprehensive list of resources for learners. 

---

### Deep Learning
- Books:
  - [Deep Learning (Ian Goodfellow and Yoshua Bengio and Aaron Courville)](https://goo.gl/GkqJs2)
- Slides:
- Series:
  - [Deep Learning Research Review (GAN, NLP, Reinforcement Learning, ...)](https://goo.gl/PwwmMH)
- People:
  - [Adit Deshpande](https://github.com/adeshpande3) - Very cool kid (undergrad) writing all sorts of ML/DL stuff
  - [Siraj](https://github.com/llSourcell) - If you are a regular YouTuber, this guy needs no introduction. All-around friendly and helpful educator!
- Papers:
  - [Bayesian GAN](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1705.09558.pdf) - The Bayesian GAN!
  - [Attention is all you need](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1706.03762.pdf) - The importance of new attention mechanism, Transformer, for machine translation tasks.
- Blogs:
- Code:
  - [Pokemon GAN](https://github.com/llSourcell/Pokemon_GAN)
  - [Bayesian Generative Adversarial Networks in Tensorflow](https://github.com/andrewgordonwilson/bayesgan)

---

### Natural Language Processing
- Books:
  - [Natural Language Processing - A Friendly Handbook (Elvis Saravia, 2017)](https://goo.gl/PTy9QS)
- Slides:
- Series:
- People:
- Papers:
  - [Google’s Multilingual Neural Machine Translation System: Enabling Zero-Shot Translation](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1611.04558.pdf) - As the name implies, a multilingual translation system that makes use of an artificial token to specify target language before training. 
- Blogs / Web:
- Code

---

### Machine Learning
- Books:
  - [Machine Learning - A Friendly Handbook (Elvis Saravia, 2017)](https://goo.gl/oWBYQQ)
- Slides
- Series:
- People:
- Papers:
- Blogs / Web:
- Code

---

### Text Mining
- Books:
- Slides:
  - [Quick Tour of Text Mining (Professor Yi-Shin Chen, 2017)](https://goo.gl/KaqBc5)
- Series:
  - [The Friendly Data Science Series (Elvis Saravia)](https://goo.gl/U4RaU3)
- People:
- Papers:
- Blogs / Web:
- Code:

---

### Data Mining
- Books:
- Slides:
  - [Quick Tour of Data Mining (Professor Yi-Shin Chen, 2017)](https://goo.gl/UAooLX)
- Series:
  - [The Friendly Data Science Series (Elvis Saravia)](https://goo.gl/U4RaU3)
- People:
- Papers:
- Blogs / Web:
- Code

---

### Computational Mathematics
- Books:
- Slides
- Series:
- People:
- Papers:
- Blogs / Web: 
  - [Computational Mathematics - Lectures by Professor Chaur-Chin Chen](https://goo.gl/X5MXs2)
- Code
---

### Probability Theory & Statistics
- Books:
- Slides
- Series:
- People:
- Papers:
- Blogs / Web:
  - [Probability Theory - Lectures by Professor Chaur-Chin Chen](https://goo.gl/9djNqr)
- Code
---

Commit message:

added slides on perceptrons and logistic regression

README.md, after:

### Data Science Bookmarks :book:
Stay up to date and learn from a list of wonderful blogs, books, papers, and code related to Data Science.

Work in progress :construction_worker: - Contributions welcome :smile: - Please let me know if any link is broken :link:

With contributions from everyone, this can become a comprehensive list of resources for learners. 

---

### Deep Learning
- Books:
  - [Deep Learning (Ian Goodfellow and Yoshua Bengio and Aaron Courville)](https://goo.gl/GkqJs2)
- Slides:
- Series:
  - [Deep Learning Research Review (GAN, NLP, Reinforcement Learning, ...)](https://goo.gl/PwwmMH)
- People:
  - [Adit Deshpande](https://github.com/adeshpande3) - Very cool kid (undergrad) writing all sorts of ML/DL stuff
  - [Siraj](https://github.com/llSourcell) - If you are a regular YouTuber, this guy needs no introduction. All-around friendly and helpful educator!
- Papers:
  - [Bayesian GAN](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1705.09558.pdf) - The Bayesian GAN!
  - [Attention is all you need](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1706.03762.pdf) - The importance of new attention mechanism, Transformer, for machine translation tasks.
- Blogs:
- Code:
  - [Pokemon GAN](https://github.com/llSourcell/Pokemon_GAN)
  - [Bayesian Generative Adversarial Networks in Tensorflow](https://github.com/andrewgordonwilson/bayesgan)

---

### Natural Language Processing
- Books:
  - [Natural Language Processing - A Friendly Handbook (Elvis Saravia, 2017)](https://goo.gl/PTy9QS)
- Slides:
- Series:
- People:
- Papers:
  - [Google’s Multilingual Neural Machine Translation System: Enabling Zero-Shot Translation](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1611.04558.pdf) - As the name implies, a multilingual translation system that makes use of an artificial token to specify target language before training. 
- Blogs / Web:
- Code

---

### Machine Learning
- Books:
  - [Machine Learning - A Friendly Handbook (Elvis Saravia, 2017)](https://goo.gl/oWBYQQ)
- Slides:
  - [Multi-Class Logistic Regression and Perceptron](https://cocoxu.github.io/courses/5525_slides_spring17/06_perceptron.pdf) - Learn about multi-class classification with logistic regression and differences between logistic regression and perceptrons. 

- Series:
- People:
- Papers:
- Blogs / Web:
- Code

---

### Text Mining
- Books:
- Slides:
  - [Quick Tour of Text Mining (Professor Yi-Shin Chen, 2017)](https://goo.gl/KaqBc5)
- Series:
  - [The Friendly Data Science Series (Elvis Saravia)](https://goo.gl/U4RaU3)
- People:
- Papers:
- Blogs / Web:
- Code:

---

### Data Mining
- Books:
- Slides:
  - [Quick Tour of Data Mining (Professor Yi-Shin Chen, 2017)](https://goo.gl/UAooLX)
- Series:
  - [The Friendly Data Science Series (Elvis Saravia)](https://goo.gl/U4RaU3)
- People:
- Papers:
- Blogs / Web:
- Code

---

### Computational Mathematics
- Books:
- Slides
- Series:
- People:
- Papers:
- Blogs / Web: 
  - [Computational Mathematics - Lectures by Professor Chaur-Chin Chen](https://goo.gl/X5MXs2)
- Code
---

### Probability Theory & Statistics
- Books:
- Slides
- Series:
- People:
- Papers:
- Blogs / Web:
  - [Probability Theory - Lectures by Professor Chaur-Chin Chen](https://goo.gl/9djNqr)
- Code
---
